404 - Originally a technical term for Not Found 404 (which is an error message seen on a...
411 - Online jargon, also known as text message shorthand, used primarily in texting, online...
86 - Online jargon, also known as text message shorthand, used primarily in texting, online...
age - Actually it is "-age" which is a suffix used in slang to exaggerate a word and give...
anime - An artistic and sensual type of Japanese animation. On the Internet, one can find...
bandwidth - The technical definition of "bandwidth" involves the difference between two frequencies...
biobreak - An office friendly way of saying that one needs to take a bathroom break.
brain dump - To empty one's brain of any and all information relating to a particular subject....
cached out - Slang for extremely tired, as in, "wiped out."
cookies - A funny name for a noun that describes a small piece of information about you (about...
cryptic - Primarily used as slang, it refers to anything that is hard to read. For example,...
dead-tree version - Slang for a printed document or publication, as opposed to an electronic version.
deep dive - Slang for exploring a subject in-depth. For example, "We did a deep dive on that market...
defrag - To optimize your hard drive, usually with a program that "cleans it up" and makes...
delete - To remove a file or erase information.
down time - This expression refers to lost production time due to a broken machine and its operator...
eye candy - Slang for extra graphics (or images) included on a Web page with the intent of making...
Film at 11 - With reference to TV commercials for the late local news, it's a sarcastic phrase...
Google - Founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin, two Stanford Ph.D. candidates who developed...
hot spot - In the world of IT this term refers to places that have wireless Internet connections....
huge pipes - Slang for a high-bandwidth Internet connection.
interface - In a general sense, it is the portion of a program that interacts between a user and...
just-in-time - Traditionally, this phrase describes a compiler that turns Java bytecode, for example,...
JIT - Traditionally, this phrase describes a compiler that turns Java bytecode, for example,...
legacy media - Media that is considered "old," such as radio, television, and especially newspapers....
McLuhanism - A term for a catchy phrase or slogan coined by Marshall McLuhan, popular writer and...
meatspace - Slang for the real world, as opposed to cyberspace.
mommy-save - Slang for the act of indiscriminately clicking 'Save' without first choosing an appropriate...
morph or morphing - From the term "metamorphosis," it is to turn one thing into another. It most commonly...
multitasking - The simultaneous execution of more than one task. For example, a computer that launches...
navigate - The act of moving around the Web by clicking on hypertext links (or paths) that take...
opt-out - Any time a user requests to be removed from any kind of online program, he or she...
PDFing - An example of a word morphing, this term once described the process of turning a document...
photoshopped - A play on the word "Photoshop," the software graphics program created by Adobe, it...
PING or ping - Traditionally this term refers to an Internet program used to determine whether a...
plug-and-play - A standard for add-in hardware that requires it to identify itself on demand (see:...
plugged-in - Slang for wired, or being connected.
radar screen - In modern jargon, this refers to the range of interests that a company or individual...
rant-and-rave - To speak on and on about something you feel passionate for. Users often rant-and-rave...
bot - Traditionally, it's a device that can move and react to sensory input. Robots are...
scaleable or scalability - Refers to the ability of hardware or software or even a brand, to adapt to increased...
shelfware - Slang for software that is so worthless it remains in the shrink-wrapped box on the...
showstopper - Slang for anything that has the potential to halt the shipment or to stop the launch...
spammin' - Slang for speaking aimlessly on a mishmash of topics, or to stuff someone's brain...
surf or surfing - To browse or look at information on the Web by pointing and clicking and navigating...
thread - Originally it referred to a chain of postings on a single subject in a newsgroup....
TMI - Online jargon, also known as text message shorthand, used primarily in texting, online...
unplugged - Slang for being not connected. The opposite of wired. It also refers to acoustic music...
user - A term that defines the online audience, it also refers to anyone who "uses" a computer....
yoyo mode - The state in which a computer rapidly alternates several times between being up and...
