The snow is a white blanket. 
The hospital was a refrigerator.
The classroom was a zoo.
America is a melting pot.  
Her lovely voice was music to his ears. 
Life is a roller coaster.  
The alligator’s teeth are white daggers.  
Their home was a prison. 
The slide on the playground was a hot stove.
His heart is a cold iron.
She is a peacock.
He is a shining star. 
Time is money.
My teacher is a dragon.
Tom’s eyes were ice.
The detective’s face was wood as he listened to her story.
She feels that life is a fashion show.
The world is a stage.
My kid’s room is a disaster area.
The children were flowers grown in concrete gardens.
Kisses are the flowers of affection.
His words were cotton candy.
Mary’s eyes were fireflies.
John’s suggestion was just a Band-Aid.
The cast on his broken leg was a plaster shackle.
Jane’s ambitions are a house of cards.
Her long hair was a flowing golden river.
The computers at school are old dinosaurs.
Laughter is the music of the soul.
He is a night owl.
Maria is a chicken.
The falling snowflakes are dancers.
With his new haircut, he was a sheepdog.
At five o’clock, the interstate was a parking lot.
Books are keys to your imagination.
Her teddy bear was her best friend, never telling her secrets.
The peaceful lake was a mirror.
Terry was blue when his goldfish died.
The wind was an angry witch.
The ballerina was a swan, gliding across the stage.
Her angry words were bullets to him.
Your brain is a computer.
Jamal was a pig at dinner.
You are my sunshine.
The car was a furnace in the sun.
Thank you so much. You are an angel.
That coach is an ogre.
Ben’s temper was a volcano, ready to explode.
The kids were monkeys on the jungle gym.
The sun is a golden ball.
The clouds are balls of cotton.
Sue’s room is a zoo with fish, a gerbil and a parakeet.
The park was a lake after the rain.
The lightning was fireworks in the sky.
Gary is a mule.
That lawn is a green carpet.
My dad is a road hog.
The stars are sparkling diamonds.
Those two best friends are two peas in a pod.
He is a walking dictionary.
Donations for the popular charity were a tsunami.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
My big brother is a couch potato.
The road was a ribbon stretching across the desert.
The teenager’s stomach was a bottomless pit.
The thunder was a mighty lion.
I am so excited. My pulse is a race car.
The moon is a white balloon.
Toddlers are rug rats.
The stormy ocean was a raging bull.
Her tears were a river flowing down her cheeks.
